# TaskManagementRepo
 
The project’s purpose is to develop a secure Project Management Tool for “Galaxis” Software Engineering team using 3-Tier Architecture design pattern.  
SLIT Project management tool is a custom software for “Galaxis” team project manager that has the objective to optimize current team’s workflow. In order to achieve working stream optimization, on the base of team’s management and cooperation issues were stated the main requirements for this product. The requirements went through a long software development process that is described in this documentation.  
The software has the purpose to ease project manager’s work. Information management in a project is highly important and having a custom tool is necessary for implementing different tasks. The software provides various functionalities that include communication between team members, task management, liabilities overview and other project management features.  
The 3-Tier architecture design was used in order to implement an application with three independent parts. Each tier has it’s own purpose and configuration as well as it’s own method of processing information. The system is built to be consistent and ready for future updates.  Furthermore, software is using different security methods that went through all three steps : analysis, design and implementation. Using security protocols made software to avoid a big amount of threats and risks.  
Additionally, development process has involved different tools and methods in order to achieve most of the requirements accomplishment. Even though it didn’t pass all test cases, it’s still a functional application that can be used for project management objectives.  
